[Music]
okay so here we are at my buddy Travis's
place not to go into his house now let's
all agree he's one lucky fool getting a
full sponsored boost plant set up this
is the ultimate beginner's guide
[Music]
we're gonna go ahead and start with the
hardscape um Travis went ahead and put
the contras oil and force I let him know
you know I showed him have a slope and
everything he actually had you know
pretty good job for first time what do
you guys think I think he did pretty
well um so I've already kind of
premeditated the scape and how it's
going to go so let me go ahead and move
this rock out of the way so you can put
this down in here
I'm gonna be placing the driftwood made
about like that right there what i pre
meditated so you know it gives it a good
feel you know the golden ratio is a
little off-center it's not quite you
know exactly half it's about right here
you've got some good character in here
some good zones I'm probably gonna put
of course the java fern right here I'm
going to have the real tall at a
drawback here so that's a red plant so
the focal point will kind of be in this
area along this stem right here so we're
going to want to match this spot right
here up with the focal point and again
you can become more precise you can
measure it and everything but sometimes
it's nice just to be free about it you
know this is an art form it's just how
it looks to the human eye it's all just
the perception of the human eye it's
really not much more than that so let me
go ahead and get over here
yes down under the wood just to make it
look like it's growing over the rock
[Music]
it's nice to create different little
separate areas between the rocks that
way you know we can plant some belem
right here in this spot so what I'll do
is because I know the rock is buried
under there's I'll bring it out a little
bit more that way we can actually get
deep enough soil in this area you kind
of leave spaces between the two rocks
even though you can't see it's kind of
like an iceberg you know the rock is
buried under the substrate but you know
the two rocks are touching so there
wouldn't be enough substrate there so
you kind of want to separate them below
the substrate just so you have that
planting area
a little bit more like that perfect and
these lines of course this line right
here is even with itself so you just
kind of want to match those two seams up
so it kind of hides this seam right here
so the rock is basically hiding the edge
of that wood just to make it look a
little bit more natural
this one let's see if we can fit that
down in there we have to end up reset
you with some of the rocks I can't get
this one in may have to break some of
the root glass too much
let's try different
you know you just want to have a good
amount of rock you may not use all the
rock that you have but it's always just
a good idea to have a good amount on
hand so you can play with it and you
know sometimes you're going to have to
touch the glass a little bit but if
you're gentle won't damage it too much
there is just a little bit smaller than
I anticipated kind of bury that one down
a little bit more
[Music]
you can always add a little bit more
soil probably add a little bit more soil
down in there just a plant in there
probably put some boosters right here
and some moss that's going to grow on
top of this rock soften it up and then
put some java fern back here and have
the java fern coming up and out
we've got enough room in the back to
plant the stem plants which again
raising would we get Pantanal and
Rotella eight raw now add some rubble
just to soften up the rock a little bit
and space it's a little bit smaller than
I anticipated but
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
and kind of want to flow with the with
the flow escapes our scape is kind of
going like this so if you're the Majid
underwater the flow the water is going
this way you know the the small
particles are going to float downstream
farther and so they're going to get
carried into this section about right
here
as well just to soften up this rock on
the right
just make it appear like you know some
of the rock has fallen down the slope
pond off down off the side of the rock
just to give it more of a naturalistic
look
actually it's better just because this
has such a straight face you kind of
want to build up some rebel against it
which would make sense you know a rock
that's has a pretty steep slope would
also have a lot of rubble at the base of
it in it as well because of the angle of
repose and because of the slope of that
rock we know that the flow is coming
this way
add a little bit more right here okay
add a little bit more soil now let's
just use my hand
I'll try and plant in there it's gonna
be a little harder
[Music]
okay so before you aquascape with the
plants you always want to make sure that
you get all the rockwool off them that
you trim the roots trimming the roots
just basically makes it easier to plant
and it also just makes it um generate
more rapid quick growth at the beginning
so get all the rockwool off see I've got
some crypt parva here I've cleaned some
of it up I still need to get some rock
wool off of this I've got the Bela got
the hydro speed Japan mini and got the
mini Christmas moss the wente red
anubius Nana fatty the standard java
fern and then in here we've got the
Pantanal the H raw and the three
different kinds of uses so I've got to
clean this up it's got a lot of the
coconut husk with the java fern so you
want to clean all this off and separate
that as well and again just trim the
roots so of course up next is uh
planting the tank so here we go we're
going to go ahead and plant the abuse
Philander's the moss and the anubius so
you just want to keep in mind when
you're planting you know what is the
plant going to look like in the future
how large is the plant going to look in
its submersed form a lot of this comes
with experience shade-loving plants
usually of course we put near the base
of the driftwood you know or under
overhangs like right here on stem plants
usually do grow taller and higher in the
back and they do get closer to the light
so you know it comes with experience I'm
just going to go ahead and plant the
boozes and the Java or the anubius the
mini Christmas moss and you can just see
what it looks like just to give you a
better idea also and just to make it
look a little bit more realistic what
you can do is you can plant the one type
of plant in batches but also kind of
separate so I might have like the
majority of the super red booths right
here but then put a little bit over here
so you plant the majority of the type of
plant in a batch next to its next to
each other but then mix up a little bit
you know just so it's kind of more of a
natural effect and that will give you
that natural effect having a little bit
here and there and then having the
majority of the same species together in
a batch
[Music]
you
but what I want to do is I just want to
go over everything that you need to set
up an aquarium and this tank is actually
going to be high-tech so let's just go
we'll start on the left side first first
off of course you're going to need some
kind of aqua soil of course I advocate
for contra soil you know that I love it
it doesn't come with the extra Monia so
you're not gonna have that initial
ammonia spike up next of course you're
going to need some kind of heater we
just went with the aqua on 50 watt
heater because this is a 10 gallon
aquarium you're going to need some kind
of pitcher some kind of measuring cup or
something basically to pour the aqua
soil into the tank so we're going to be
using this pitcher for the Aqua soil and
then we'll be using this pitcher
basically to fill up the aquarium so
you're also going to need a pitcher for
the water right here we have the
ultimatrix systems nature bottle co2
this is not a pressurized co2 system
it's actually uh I think it's
biochemical or it could be chemical I'm
not sure if it's biochemical or just
straight-up chemical but anyhow it comes
with the diffuser it comes with
everything you need to set up a co2
system that lasts for 60 days and again
you can get this at a boost plant calm
as well you're going to need some kind
of pH test kit just to test your water
you know if you're between six point
eight to seven point two pH you're right
on the money but if your waters a little
soft you may need a gh booster and a KH
booster and we're using the knee lock G
com gh booster regen and of course the
knee lock g comm cage reak ARB so if
your water again is really soft you may
need to use these or if your
reconstituting with RO water because
your water is too hard you may need to
use these so again get a pH test kit
you're going to need that as well I have
some merchandise from boost plant comm
just some stickers that they sense
that's pretty cool of course you're
going to need a timer for the light you
always want to put everything on a timer
to have that consistency next up you're
going to need some kind of aquascaping
tools I've got my scissors right here
great for trimming roots trimming leaves
trimming carpets that you're trying to
carpet I've got my 15 inch aquascaping
tweezers as well so
you need some kind of aquascaping tools
right here I have the ultimate systems
all-in-one plant food so this comes with
the micro and the macro nutrients
everything you need so check out this as
well you can get this on booze plant
calm up next you're going to need some
kind of super glue gel or you can use
thread but I just prefer to use the
superglue gel
- of course attach new BS busa Flandre
and moss to the driftwood I might just
pick the gorilla glue up at Walmart I
also have some Loctite super glue gel
that I got at Walmart and these are both
cyanoacrylate based so they're non-toxic
their aquarium safe on as well you may
need a box cutter just to cut any
additional plants or maybe you know cut
like the foam placement pad so the
ultimate sure systems aquarium comes
with a foam placement pad you don't have
to buy it extra like some companies so
that's cool you know they give it to you
for free as well you're going to need
some kind of brush some kind of
aquascaping brush just basically to even
out the sand if you're using sand or to
even out the aqua soil and we'll show
you that in a step of the step-by-step
video you may need a sponge just to wipe
down the tank clean up the tank before
you start the aquascape before you start
to set up get the fingerprints off
sometimes I use vinegar you know diluted
vinegar to clean up the tank with a
sponge of course you're always going to
need a net and once you set up a tank
there might be some debris from the
plants floating around so at the end
you'll kind of net it up right get that
all cleaned up so of course you always
need a net everyone knows that you'll
also need a thermometer the ideal
temperature actually for photosynthesis
for most plants is 77 degrees Fahrenheit
as well I have some spider wood that
boosts plant comm sponsored as well so
check that out you can get the spider
wood at their website you can also get
the contras oil at their website before
I forget they sponsored this as well so
you can get the aqua soil at their
website and get the co2 kit and then of
course the all-in-one plant food the
spider would and then before we forget
let's go ahead and talk about the light
and the aquarium the two most important
parts of the whole aquascape so this is
a twin star 45 or 450
that fits perfect on the uns the
ultimate nature systems 45 you so this
is a nine gallon aquarium this is the
twin star 45 or 450 II and it fits
perfectly on here guys this twin star is
insane the color rendering everything
the way they have it all set up you can
see all the different colors LEDs they
have the green the blue the red the
white light it's set at about 7,000
Kelvin so check out this fixture super
sleek I mean Travis is super lucky that
he's getting a set up this nice in his
apartment but you know his apartment is
deserving of it so this is going to be a
nice setup once it's done right here is
the ultimate nature systems for t5u
aquariums this is a nine gallon aquarium
and what's great about these aquariums
is the edges the corners are actually
mitered at 45 degrees so they're a
little bit softer and it is a low iron
glass so it's very transparent and again
you can get the uns 45 you on the boost
client comm website and you can get the
twin star 450 e on the website as well
up next you may need a tape measure Y
just because you're going to have to
square everything you're gonna have to
make sure that the tank is square front
to back and side to side just get
everything set up do some measurements
make sure everything's balanced you
don't want to have your aquarium skewed
at a strange angle you want to get it
nice and squared up with your stand or
with your table as well you're going to
need rocks of course we're using a 3 u
stone which is from boost plant calm so
again check out their website they do
sell so reuse stone they sell loco stone
they sell a couple different stones we
requested for this I let them know this
is what I wanted to use again you need a
pitcher for the water of course you need
the filter we're going to be using a Sun
Sun 603 nano canister filter which works
great for ten gallon aquariums I've used
this in the past I used it on my
original 10 gallon low tech that you
guys saw in my you know basically how to
succeed with a low tech aquarium this is
the filter I was using and I really love
them they're enix
and so we got this on Amazon so I got
that on Amazon got the rocks from boost
plant got the wood the aquarium the
light from boost plant got the
fertilizer from boost plant got the
superglue at Walmart you know got the
tweezers and the scissors from just eBay
or Amazon you can find these anywhere
really got the pH test kits on Amazon
again I got these from knee lock decom
this is from boost plant we picked this
up actually just at my local fish store
and of course this is also from goose
plant calm real quick if you do decide
to order from the website you can use
the code Adu 15 at checkout and you'll
be able to get a 15% discount on your
first order so make the order count if
you're going to order from them order a
lot because they are willing to give you
15% off and as well to get you to the
website I would really appreciate it if
you could click on the link that I
provided in the video description and
the link that I provided in the comments
section if you want to go ahead and show
support and love for my channel go ahead
and click that link it'll take you to
the website and then you can make your
order there and a check out you can put
Iggy u15 into the code section thanks
for watching I love you guys until next
time keep your sleeves wet peace out